1. What protocol requests are occurring? By user stack trace? By latency?
2. What application level I/O is occurring? With protocol details?
3. What direct network I/O is occurring (for example, NFS client)?
4. What socket I/O is occurring, throughput and IOPS? By process and stack trace?
5. What socket connections are being created/accepted?
6. Is the socket layer returning errors? Why?
7. What transport I/O is occurring? TCP vs. UDP?
8. What raw network I/O is occurring? ICMP by type?
9. What IP I/O is occurring? By size? By source/destination?
10. What network interface I/O is occurring? By size?
11. What network devices are still using dld?
12. What is the frequency of driver calls?
13. Are drivers polling interfaces or waiting for interrupts?
14. What is the network stack latency?
15. What is the driver interface stack latency?


Show providers of interest when tracing network stack I/O?


Socket Accepts by Process Name
Socket Connections by Process and User Stack Trace
Socket Read, Write, Send, Recv I/O Count by System Call
Socket Read (Write/Send/Recv) I/O Count by Process Name
Socket Reads (Write/Send/Recv) I/O Count by System Call and Process Name
Socket Reads (Write/Send/Recv) I/O Count by Process and User Stack Trace
Socket Write Bytes by Process Name
Socket Read Bytes by Process Name
Socket Write I/O Size Distribution by Process Name


Received IP packets by host address
IP send payload size distribution by destination


Watch inbound TCP connections by remote address (either)
Inbound TCP connections by remote address summary
Inbound TCP connections by local port summary
Who is connecting to what
Who isn’t connecting to what
What am I connecting to
TCP Outbound connections by remote port summary
TCP received packets by remote address summary (either)
TCP sent packets by remote address summary (either)
TCP received packets by local port summary
TCP send packets by remote port summary
TCP payload bytes for TCP send
TCP events by type summary
TCP count established  connections by port number
TCP connection latency
TCP state changes along with delta times


IP payload bytes for TCP send, size distribution by destination address


UDP received packets by remote address summary (either)
UDP sent packets by remote port summary



Count Web server–received packets by client IP address
1. What outbound connections are occurring? To which server and port? connect() time?
    Why are applications performing connections, stack trace?
2. What inbound connections are being established?
3. Connection errors
4. What client socket I/O is occurring, read and write bytes?
    By which process? What is performing the most socket I/O?
5. What server socket I/O is occurring, read and write bytes, by which processes? Client?
    Which process is performing the most socket I/O?
6. Socket I/O errors
7. Who ends connections, and why? User-level stack trace?
8. What is the duration of connections, with server and port details?
9. What is the time from connect to the first payload byte from the server?
10. What is the time from accept to the first payload byte from the client?


SNMP MIB event count
IP MIB event statistics
IP MIB event statistics with kernel function:
TCP MIB event statistics
TCP MIB event statistics with kernel function
UDP MIB event statistics
ICMP MIB event trace
ICMP MIB event by kernel stack trace


